Add tetragon, hubble and caretta (#84)
zoidbergwill/awesome-ebpf: readme.md

- [merbridge](https://github.com/merbridge/merbridge/) - Use eBPF to speed up your Service Mesh. Merbridge replaces iptables rules with eBPF to intercept traffic. It also combines msg_redirect to reduce latency with a shortened datapath between sidecars and services.
- [parca-agent](https://github.com/parca-dev/parca-agent) - eBPF based always-on continuous profiler for analysis of CPU and memory usage, down to the line number and throughout time.
- [rbperf](https://github.com/javierhonduco/rbperf) - Sampling profiler and tracer for Ruby.

> - [tetragon](https://github.com/cilium/tetragon) - eBPF-based Security Observability and Runtime Enforcement
> - [hubble](https://github.com/cilium/hubble) - Network, Service & Security Observability for Kubernetes using eBPF
> - [caretta](https://github.com/groundcover-com/caretta) - Instant K8s service dependency map generated by eBPF, right to your Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [tetragon](https://github.com/cilium/tetragon) - Kubernetes-aware, eBPF-based security observability and runtime enforcement.
- [hubble](https://github.com/cilium/hubble) - Network, service and security observability for Kubernetes using eBPF.
- [caretta](https://github.com/groundcover-com/caretta) - Instant Kubernetes service dependency map generated by eBPF, right to a Grafana instance.
```
